AE-BaseApp / AE-Python is hosted on GitHub.com:
-----------------------------------------------

The URL for AE-Python source is:  https://github.com/markfinch/AE-Python

To commit simply fork the repo, make your changes and do a push.  This is
explained in detail on GitHub: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/

Style:
------
  * Use Pep 8 for code style:  http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/

Code Pattern:
-------------
  Code should follow the MVC pattern we don't want to see a bunch of logic in
  templates where possible.

License:
--------
  All code submissions must be licensed Apache 2 and all documentation are to be
  licensed Creative Commons By 3.0 License.  You must retain all copyright
  information as well as Author information where applicable.  If you modify a
  file you should include your copyright with the original.

Copyright Assignment
--------------------
  In a perfect world this would be unnecessary but we live in a world where
  stupidity reins supreme.  By submitting code to the project you agree that
  you own the copyright and transfer that right to the AE-BaseApp Project.  If
  you work for a company you will need to have them give permission as well.
  Note some educational institutions might require you to get their approval
  and send us the assignment as well if you are student or faculty.

  We have made it easier than most projects.  Using the email address you will
  be committing from go to http://ae-baseapp.appspot.com/committing fill out
  the form and submit it.  If your company/school needs to provide this
  assignment then arrange for the principle to fill out the form as well.  If
  you change your email address you will need to update this assignment.

  Why is this assignment needed?  In the event a reason arises for legal action
  by having the assignment it allows AE-BaseApp to defend or prosecute a
  violation without needing to round up all the contributors from around the
  planet.  It also prevents submitters from changing their mind after the fact
  and suing for copyright infringement.  We agree it is silly to need this but
  it is required by the legal system.
