THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT PRODUCTION READY!
--------------------------------------
This software is currently in an early development stage.  It is not ready for
use in a production environment without modifications.  Read the file ISSUES
for a list of known issues.

Version 1
---------
Version 1 of AE-Python is mainly a hello world version.  It sets up the 
framework that we use to build a Scalable Base Application that contains User 
Authentication, User Registration, Administrative Application, Ad Provider
Framework, Geo Location Features, Social Site Integration (eg Twitter, Facebook)

Version 1 could be looked at as a proof of concept.  We put together the basic
pieces and they worked.

Version 2
---------
Takes version one's basic pieces and takes the app to the next level.  We
integrate an authentication system, create some basic application security,
setup the basic framework for admin, and ad providers, as well as setup basic
user registration.  Trusted users could begin taking a look at it for feedback,
but it still has a long way to go before a Beta release.

There still is no error handling and validation.  The datastore model doesn't
use keys yet, and there is no caching support.  Security only prevents users
from accessing the Admin Page but there is little to prevent malicious users.
The app is still limited to the first 10 results, and users can't update or
delete their posts.

Version 3
---------
Somehow Git became messed up and the Version 2 branch didn't show up on Github.
To make it worse no archive was created so the system is currently left with
only the main trunk which is at Version 3.

In Version 3 the application is starting to come together.  Some code still is
very rudimentary, but the application is starting to take shape and most of the
front side features are at a point for Proof of Concept Review.  The controller
is too fat and is violating the seperation of concerns priciple.  That will be
dealt with in version 4.  While this is by design in order to demonstrate it for
the tutorial, it still is not something I like seeing.  I put the Time Zone
functionality together and started dealing with errors.  All in all I'm pleased
with the progress and can't wait to get get version 4 finished to clean up the
MVC design pattern.
